# applied-statistics
Machine learning has been around for a very long time. But only until recently, with the appearance of many massive online learning websites, machine learning has become much more accessible for a lot of people. With a certain knowledge of programming, calculus and linear algebra, a person can acquire basic knowledge about machine learning in a relatively short time. And with the growing of Big Data, there are more and more courses about Deep Learning, with various libraries made so that doing machine learning and deep learning become as convenient as possible.  But as we have more and more techniques to use, and more data to train our models; do we tend to ignore simpler techniques? This seems to be a common mistake among newbie machine learning practitioners. From my own experience, I usually get very excited with complicated techniques or architectures that I learn and want to apply them right into the next problem. In such situation, too often I find the result from my model underwhelming. And since the model is too complex, it is hard for me to troubleshoot and fix the problem. In this study, I want to try different approaches to one single problem: the Titanic data set. This is a small data set used to practice machine learning. It is very popular on Kaggle and I play around with it quite a lot. My goal is to find out the strengths and weaknesses of each approach so that I can have a better understanding of each method and will be able to apply them better in the future.
